(1.a) Better because the large number of samples will allow for a greater probability that the pattern can be found.  

(1.b) Worse because the model would likely overfit to the small number of observations and miss the greater pattern.

(1.c) Better because it would be unlikely that you would assume the correct shape of the function.

(1.d) Worse because the method would fit to the noise, i.e. e.  

(2.a) Regression - Inference.
n = 500 firms
p = [profit, # of employees, industry]

(2.b) Classification - Prediction
n = 20 products
p = [price, marketing budger, competition price, ten other things]

(2.c) Regression - Prediction
n = 52 weeks of 2012
p = [% change USD/Euro, % change US marker, % change in British market, % change in German market]

(3.a) See pic.

(3.b)
Bias - Descreases monotonically as the model is fitted better and better to the training set.

Variance - Increases monotonically as the model is overfitted. 

Training Error - Descreases monotonically as the model is fitted better and better to the training set.

Test Error - U-shaped because the model fits better with some flexability but too much flexability is just reading noise in the training data.

Bayes Error - A constant error that is not tied to X so it is just a straight line.

(4.a) Will a prisoner commit another crime; hot dog  vs not hot dog; is email spam

(4.b) How tall will this child be as an adult; what is the price of XYZ stock; what is this persons credit score

(4.c) What are the types of cancer?  Who buys my products?  What are the types of students in a class?

(5) The advantages of a more flexible approach is that it can accomodate a wider variety of function "shapes".  If what you are trying to predict is very complex then taking a close look at more flexible models would generally be a good idea.  A disadvantage of a more flexible approach is that it generally requires more parameters and can potentially lead to overfitting (high variance).  An advantage to a less flexible approach is that it is more easily interpretted.  

(6) A parametric approach assumes that we already know the shape of the function.  A non-parametric approach searches for that shape.  One disadvantage of a non-parametric approach is that it typically requires more samples.  Also parametric approaches typically are easier to compute.  The disadvantage of a parametric approach is that we are royally fucked if we assume the wrong type of function shape.

(7.a) sqrt(x^2 + y^2 + z^2).  Apply this to all rows.

(7.b) Green because (-1, 0, 1) is the smallest distance away.

(7.c) Red because two of the three closest Y are Red.  See observations 5, 6, and 2.

(7.d) Small because this would lead to a more fleixible model.  
